NO.1 Whichaspect of Apex programming is limited due to multitenancy?
A. The number of methods in an Apex Class
B. The number of active Apex classes
C. The number of records processed in a loop
D. The number of records returned from database queries
Answer: D

NO.2 A developer Edition org has five existing accounts. A developer wants to add 10 more accounts
for ...
The following code is executed in the Developer Console using the Executor Anonymous window:
How many total accounts will be in the org after this code is executed?
A. 10
B. 15
C. 6
D. 5
Answer: A

NO.3 In terms of the MVC paradigm, what are two advantages of implementing the layer of a
Salesforce application using Aura Component-based development over Visualforce? Choose 2
answers
A. Server-side run-timedebugging
B. Rich component ecosystem
C. Automatic code generation
D. Self-contained and reusable units of an application
Answer: B,D

NO.4 Universal Containers has an order system that uses on Order Number to identify an order for
customers service agents. Order records will be imported into Salesforce.
How should the "Order Number field be defined in Salesforce.
A. Lookup
B. Indirect Lookup
C. Direct Lookup
D. Number with External ID
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
2
Answer: D

NO.5 A developer needs to create a custom Interface in Apex.
Which three considerations must the developer keep in mind while developing the Apex Interface?
Choose 3 answers
A. A method implementation can be defined within the Apex Interface.
B. The Apex interface class access modifier can be set to Private, Public, or Global.
C. The Apex class must be declared using the interface keyword.
D. New methods can be added to a public interface within a released package.
E. A method defined In an Apex Interface cannot have an access modifier.
Answer: A,C,E

NO.6 Howshould a developer write unit tests for a private method in an Apex class?
A. Mark the Apex class as global.
B. Use the SeeAllData annotation.
C. Use the TestVisible annotation.
D. Add a test method in the Apex class.
Answer: C

NO.7 A Next Best Action strategy uses an Enhance Element that invokes an Apex method to
determinea discount level for a Contact, based on a number of factors. What is the correct definition
of the Apex method?
A. @InvocableMethod
global static ListRecommendation getLevel(List<ContactWrapper> input)
{ /*implementation*/ }
B. @InvocableMethod
global RecommendationgetLevel (ContactWrapper input)
{ /*implementation*/ }
C. @InvocableMethod
globalstatic List<List<Recommendation>> getLevel(List<ContactWrapper> input)
{ /*implementation*/ }
D. @InvocableMethod
global List<List<Recommendation>> getLevel(List<ContactWrapper> input)
{ /*implementation*/ }
Answer: C

NO.8 A developer is asked to create a Visualforce page that displays some Account fields as well as
fields configured on the page layout for related Contacts.
How should the developer implement this request?
A. Use the <apex:include> tag.
B. Create a controller extension.
C. Add a method to the standard controller.
D. Use the <apex:relatedList> tag.
Answer: D

NO.9 A developer creates a new Apex trigger with a helper class, and writes a test class that only
exercises 95% coverage of new Apex helper class. Change Set deployment to production fails with the
test coverage warning:
"Test coverage of selected Apex Trigger is 0%, at least 1% test coverage is required" Whatshould the
developer do to successfully deploy the new Apex trigger and helper class?
A. Create a test class and methods to cover the Apex trigger
B. Increase the test class coverage on the helper class
C. Remove the falling test methods from the test class.
D. Run the tests using the 'Run All Tests' method.
Answer: A

NO.10 Given the following block code: try{ List <Accounts> retrievedRecords = [SELECT Id FROM
Account WHERE Website = null]; }catch(Exception e){ //manage exception logic } What should a
developer do to ensure the codeexecution is disrupted if the retrievedRecordslist remains empty
after the SOQL query?
A. Replace the retrievedRecords variable declaration from ftount to a single Account.
B. Check the state of the retrieveRecords variable and throw a custom exception if the variable is
empty.
C. Check the state of the retrievedRecords variable and use System.assert(false) if the variable is
empty
D. Check the state of the retrievedRecords variable and access the first element of the list if the
variable is empty.
Answer: C

NO.11 Which annotation exposes an Apex class as a RESTful web service?
A. @AuraEnabled
B. @Httplnvocable
C. @RestResource
D. @Remote Action
Answer: c

NO.12 A developer needs to create a baseline set of data (Accounts, Contacts, Products, Assets) for
an entire suite of testallowing them to test independent requirements various types of Salesforce
Cases.
Which approach can efficiently generate the required data for each unit test?
A. Create a nock using the Stud API
B. Create test data before Test.startTest() in the unittest.
C. Add @isTest(seeAllData=true) at the start of the unit test class.
D. Use @TestSetup with a viod method.
Answer: D

NO.13 Which three statements are true regarding custom exceptions in Apex? (Choose three.)
A. A custom exception class cannot contain member variables or methods.
B. A custom exception class must extend the system Exception class.
C. A custom exception class name must end with "Exception".
D. A custom exception class can extend other classes besides the Exception class.
E. Acustom exception class can implement one or many interfaces.
Answer: B,D,E
NO.14 Which two are phases in the Salesforce Application Event propagation framework? Choose
2 answers
A. Default
B. Capture
C. Bubble
Answer: A,c

NO.15 Which standard field is required when creating a new contact record?
A. FirstName
B. Name
C. LastName
D. AccountId
Answer: C

NO.16 Which three steps allow a custom SVG to be included in a Lightning web component? Choose
3 answers
A. Reference the getter in the HTML template.
B. Reference the import in the HTML template.
C. Import the static resource and provide a getter for it in JavaScript.
D. Upload the SVG asa static resource.
E. Import the SVG as a content asset file.
Answer: A,C,D

NO.17 The sales management team at Universal Containers requires thatthe Lead Source field of the
Lead record be populated when a Lead is converted.
What should be used to ensure that a user populates the Lead Source field prior to converting a
Lead?
A. Process Builder
B. workflow Rule
C. Validation Rule
D. Formula Field
Answer: C

NO.18 A developer must provide custom userinterfaces when users edit a Contact in either
Salesforce Classic or Lightning Experience.
What should the developer use to override the Contact's Edit button and provide this functionality?
A. A Visualforce page in Salesforce Classic and a Lightning component in Lightning Experience
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
5

B. A Visualforce page in Salesforce Classic and a Lightning page in Lightning Experience
C. A Lightning component in 5alesforce Classic and a Lightning component in lightning Experience
D. A Lightning page in Salesforce Classicand a Visualforce page in Lightning Experience
Answer: A

NO.19 A company has been adding data to Salesforce and has not done a good Job of limiting the
creation of duplicate Lead records. The developer is considering writing an Apex process to identify
duplicates and merge the records together.
Which two statements are valid considerations when using merged?
Choose 2 answers
A. External ID fields can be used with the merge method.
B. Merge is supported with accounts, contacts, cases, and leads.
C. The field values on the master record are overwritten by the records being merged.
D. The merge method allows up to three records, including the master and two additional records
with the same sObject type, to be merged into the master record.
Answer: B,D

NO.20 A development team wants to use a deployment script lo automatically deploy lo a sandbox
during their development cycles.
Which two tools can they use to run a script that deploysto a sandbox?
Choose 2 answers
A. Change Sets
B. Developer Console
C. Ant Migration Tool
D. SFDX CLI
Answer: C,D
IT Certification Guaranteed, The Easy Way!
6
